API design: Re-deliver a configuration profile (#17711)
fleetdm/fleet: docs/REST API/rest-api.md

}
```

### Redeliver host's configuration profile

Redelivers a configuration profile for the specified host.

`POST /api/v1/fleet/hosts/:id/configuration_profiles/redeliver`

#### Parameters

| Name | Type | In | Description |
| ---- | ---- | -- | ----------- |
| id   | integer | path | **Required.** The host's ID. |

> | profile_uuid   | string | query | **Required.** The UUID of the configuration profile to re-deliver on the host. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| profile_uuid   | string | query | **Required.** The UUID of the configuration profile to redeliver on the host. |
```

#### Example

`POST /api/v1/fleet/hosts/233/configuration_profiles/resend/fc14a20-84a2-42d8-9257-a425f62bb54d`

##### Default response

> `Status: 200`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`Status: 202`
```
